hi guys and let's see what
lucky truck us teddy today
brought you numbers cheers guys today we
learn numbers
this number is 0
this is the number one
this number 2
this is number 3
and this is figure 4
this number 5
this number is 6
this is number 7
this is figure 8
but this figure is 9 and now we are with
the truck will take the doggie numbers yet
time they say hi guys
guys let's repeat the numbers show them
dogs
this is number 0
this number 1
this number 2
this is number 3
this number 4
this number 5
this is number 6
and
this is number 7
this number is 8
this is number 9
lick thanks to you and the guys that you
taught me numbers yes friends today we
with you learned the numbers from 1 to 9 and 0 to
new meetings friends bye bye